Reddit soared in its Wall Street debut as investors pushed the value of the company close to $9 billion seconds after it began trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
Reddit, which priced its IPO at $34 a share, debuted Thursday afternoon at $47 a share. The going price soon climbed even higher, but still oscillated some. As of around 2:30 p.m. ET, shares for the self-anointed “front page of the internet” were up more than 40%.
The IPO will test the quirky company’s ability to overcome a nearly 20-year history colored by uninterrupted losses, management turmoil and user backlashes to build a sustainable business.

There have been 43 IPOs on the US stock market in 2024. As of Mar 31, 2024, this is -2.27% less than the same time in 2023, which had 44 IPOs by this date.

Astera Labs' mission is to innovate, design, and deliver semiconductor-based connectivity solutions that are purpose-built to unleash the full potential of cloud and AI infrastructure.
Shares of Astera Labs jumped as much as 76% in their Nasdaq debut on Wednesday, giving the chip firm a market capitalization of $9.68 billion, as it tapped into the investor enthusiasm for artificial intelligence.
The stock traded as high as $63.50, after opening at $52.56 each, versus its initial public offering (IPO) price of $36 apiece. The stock was last up 69% at $60.88.
Chip companies are seen as the main beneficiaries of the AI boom as businesses race to adopt the technology, bolstering the demand for advanced semiconductors used in data centers.
Astera is the first big technology firm to list this year amid a stuttering rebound in the U.S. IPO market. Its strong debut shows Wall Street's demand for AI-linked companies remains strong

SolarMax Technology, Inc., ticker SMXT, through its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated solar energy company in the United States and China.
The company engages in the sale and installation of photovoltaic and battery backup systems; financing the sale of photovoltaic and battery backup systems;
sale of LED systems; and identifying and procuring solar farm projects for resale to third parties, as well as provision of engineering, procuring,
and construction services for solar farm projects.
It serves residential, commercial, and government customers. The Company was incorporated in 2008 and is based in Riverside, California.